docs:extends userdocs (#57)
Consensys/linea-sequencer: README.md

# Besu Plugins related to tracer and sequencer functionality

This repository hosts the implementation of the sequencer, the component of the Linea stack responsible for ordering and building blocks, as well as executing them. It provides a set of [Hyperledger Besu](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu):Linea plugins. 

It serves developers by making the Linea tech stack open source under 
the [Apache 2.0 license](LICENSE).

## What is Linea?

[Linea](https://linea.build) is a developer-ready layer 2 network scaling Ethereum. It's secured with a zero-knowledge rollup, built on lattice-based cryptography, and powered by [Consensys](https://consensys.io).

## Get started

If you already have an understanding of the tech stack, use our [Quickstart](docs/quickstart.md) guide.

### Looking for Plugins?

Discover [existing plugins](docs/plugins.md) and understand the [plugin release process](docs/plugin-release.md). 

## Looking for the Linea code?

Linea's stack is made up of multiple repositories, these include:

> 

Author: ```suggestion
- [linea-sequencer](https://github.com/Consensys/linea-sequencer): A set of Linea-Besu plugins for the sequencer and RPC nodes
```

# Besu Plugins related to tracer and sequencer functionality

> This repository hosts a set of [Hyperledger Besu](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu):Linea plugins for the sequencer and RPC nodes. 

Author: ```suggestion
This repository hosts the implementation of the sequencer, the component of the Linea stack responsible for ordering and building blocks, as well as executing them. It provides a set of [Hyperledger Besu](https://github.com/hyperledger/besu):Linea plugins. 
```

It serves developers by making the Linea tech stack open source under 
the [Apache 2.0 license](LICENSE).

## What is Linea?

[Linea](https://linea.build) is a developer-ready layer 2 network scaling Ethereum. It's secured with a zero-knowledge rollup, built on lattice-based cryptography, and powered by [Consensys](https://consensys.io).

## Get started

If you already have an understanding of the tech stack, use our [Quickstart](docs/quickstart.md) guide.

### Looking for Plugins?

Discover [existing plugins](docs/plugins.md) and understand the [plugin release process](docs/plugin-release.md). 

## Looking for the Linea code?

Linea's stack is made up of multiple repositories, these include:

- [linea-monorepo](https://github.com/Consensys/linea-monorepo): The main repository for the Linea stack & network 
- [linea-besu](https://github.com/Consensys/linea-besu): Fork of Besu to implement the Linea-Besu client

> - [linea-sequencer](https://github.com/Consensys/linea-sequencer): A set of Linea-Besu plugins for the sequencer and RPC nodes

Author: ```suggestion
```

> - [linea-arithmetization](https://github.com/Consensys/linea-arithmetization): Linea-Besu plugins to implement the constraints for the circuits used to construct the zero-knowledge proofs

Author: ```suggestion
- [linea-tracer](https://github.com/Consensys/linea-tracer): Linea-Besu plugin which produces the traces that the constraint system applies and that serve as inputs to the prover
```

> - [linea-constraints](https://github.com/Consensys/linea-constraints): Constraints applied to the arithmetization, and ultimately to the circuits

Author: ```suggestion
- [linea-constraints](https://github.com/Consensys/linea-constraints): Implementation of the constraint system from the specification
```

> - [linea-specification](https://github.com/Consensys/linea-specification): Home of the zk-EVM specification

Author: ```suggestion
- [linea-specification](https://github.com/Consensys/linea-specification): Specification of the constraint system defining Linea's zk-EVM
```
